Improve the speed of writing TiDB by batching the SQL execution (#7691)
apache/skywalking: CHANGES.md

* Fix `ProfileThreadSnapshotQuery.queryProfiledSegments` adopts a wrong sort function
* Support gRPC sync grouped dynamic configurations.
* Fix `H2EventQueryDAO` doesn't sort data by Event.START_TIME and uses a wrong pagination query.

> * improve write tidb speed by batch execute sql.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve the speed of writing TiDB by batching the SQL execution.
```
